---
title: "17MAR2024"
date: 2024-03-17T14:43:29-04:00
draft: false
tags: []
ShowToc: true
cover:
    image: placeholder.png
    alt: ""
    caption: ""
ShowCodeCopyButtons: true
---

# Previous Week Reflection 

## General

### Highlight of the week
I booked my flight to Argentina.

### How old am I today?
I am 25 years old.

### How long has it been since I graduated university?
Since DEC 2020, it has been 3 years.

### Am I were I wished older me would be by now? 
No. Because I don't have my own business yet.

### On a scale between 1 (mindless consumer zombie) and 10 (da Vinci of technology), excluding 7, how much have I used technology for my benefit, rather than it using me?
I would say 8. I used my phone to talk to Fabi most of the time.

### What is my total screen time? What is the screen time distribution?
- average of 10h30min per day

Breakdown:
- whatsapp: 6.4hrs/day (taking to Fabi)
- Safari: 1hr/day
- Chess: 1hr/day
- Photos: 40min/day
- Everything else is 15min/day

### On a scale between 1 (rock-bottom depressed) and 10 (jubilant joy), and 7 not existing, Am I happy doing what I'm doing now?
8 overall. I am excited for this upcoming trip. But I am also anxious about how much I left my feelings get in the way of me not doing much work. It feels like I spend a lot of my time daydreaming about my trip and seeing Fabi, when I should remember that I still have real life to deal with.

### This past week, what have I done to build the life I want?
I booked my tickets to see Fabi.

### This past week, whose opinions steered my course?
My brother Max. Without his feedback, I would not be seeing Fabi.

### This past week, how often did I do things I actively enjoyed? How does this compare to the prior week?
A lot. I love talking to Fabi, I simply need to be more cautious with my time.

### This past week, what am I doing right now because I think I *SHOULD* do it?
Thinking about (but not doing) building a business. Fabi brought up the point that my main goal should be to pursue God as a missionary (or some of other form of services, but she emphasized that God provides best).

### This past week, how did I give away 10% of my income?
I did not give away 10% of my income.

### This past week, what reoccurring questions did I have? Why did I have each question? How can I use my curiosity to explore these questions?
I'm really debating whether a relationship with Fabi will workout. Even if she agrees to come to the US, it will take 2 years before she can get a visa to stay. It's easier for me to physically be there, but I'm just not sure how I will be able to provide the same about of money that I can compared to here in the US.

### From Jordan Peterson: Sit on your bed one day, and as yourself, "what remarkably stupid things am I doing on a regular basis to absolutely screw up my life?"
I procrastinate.

### What small. cheap, dopamine am I settling for? what's the better alternative that I *could* be developing instead?
Does not apply for this week.

### Did you know you can teleport? Change your mindset and watch your environment change, what identities are you still clinging to that's time to let go of?
I am clinging to the identity of working my way here in the US; I am exploring the possibility of being in Argentina.

### Looking at my goals form last week, did I achieve ALL of last week's goals? (yes or no)
Does not apply.

### What prevented me from achieving the goals I told myself that I would do?
I don't know. Maybe necessity to achieve them.

### What have been my biggest time wasters from last week? What could I be doing instead, to achieve the same goal, and more?
Does not apply

### What have I done to build the life I want?
I am managing my finances better.

### This past week, what fears did I non-judgementally notice? What's my plan to confront these fears, knowing that it leads to gold?

This past week, I noticed I was fearful/hesitant of...
starting a relationship with Fabi. I don't know how it will work out. I pray it will work out. As of right now, I'm taking it one day at a time.

### What are the mundane, tedious, time-consuming tasks that are pulling my attention away from what really matters?

What really matters is...that I find a girl who is willing to join my on my journey of life.

The small things that take my attention away are...where I live life and hoarding money rather than spending it on experiences.

### For which of these tasks above does the *completion* matter more than the *quality*?
Does not apply.

### How much would it cost for me to hire-out or automate these tasks? Both in what I lose in quality, what I lose in resources, but also in what I gain in life. Careful: make sure I'm not replacing tasks that are actually therapeutic in nature or increase my perspective on life (e.g. going to a public gym to hedge against social anxiety; church meetings to hear about what other people are going through compared to my meager issues, etc.)
Does not apply.

### Answer this question: knowing my hourly rate, and the fact that TIME is my greatest resource, how can I buy-back time to earn more in money and time?
Does not apply.

### Looking at my schedule, am I preparing the future me (30s, 40s, 50s) to be prepared to handle the chaos of managing an intimate relationship, the upbringing of children, and the responsibility to handle the waves of chaos that will challenge my health, family, community, and society?
I am taking the first step by seeing a girl that I am courting.

## Finances

### Is it the end of the Statement month?
yes

### What is my savings rate for this month?
0%

### If less than 50%, where is most of your money going?
My surprise expenses for this month were the plane tickets to argentina and the AC repair.
I spent a total of $2,362.12 on surprise expenses (about 1/3 of my monthly income).

### How much did my Cash Net worth change?
Net worth increased by $3,000 at the end of the month.

### What are some of the major differences in what I budgeted, versus what I actually spent?

- Chipotle
    - budget: $34
    - actual: $201.22
    - reason: I did not pre-cook my meals ahead of time
- Bumble
    - budget: $0
    - actual: $10
    - reason: I fell into temptation because I was not working on my business   

### What's the smallest, yet most practical step I can ACTUALLY take that would make a long-term difference in my budget deficit?
- Commit to cooking your meals on the end of the week (Friday, Saturday, or Sunday).
- Block time ahead of time


## This Coming Week

### This coming week, what can I do to make this an 8/10? 9/10? 10/10? In other words, what are my SMART goals for this week?
- Be ready, mentally, for my trip to Argentina, while attending to all of my responsibilities.

### This coming week, what are my obligations for work, at a higher level? What would a successful outcome look like?

Getting my work done.

### This coming week, what would I do if I knew, with certainty, I would **not fail**?
I would go see Fabi

### This coming week, what would I do **even if** I knew I would fail?
In other words, since the key to success is failure, I will practice getting used to failing by... starting my HSA business.

### This coming week, what is my plan to give more than I receive?
I don't know.

### What book am I reading this coming week?
How to Stop Worrying and Start Living, Dale Carnegie

### At a month-level view, What major events do I see coming up?
Chance's birthday is in 3 weeks.

### At a week-level view, what meetings do I have coming up?
I am traveling to Argentina this coming Friday.

### Whom am I meeting/speaking with this coming week (outside of work)?
Fabi.

### Zoom-out: How am I doing in each of the following universes?

- Finances
    - NW grew this month. Saving 50% of take home pay.
- Faith
    - Thankful for Fabi and her help with the devotionals
- Fitness
    - Eh, could have been better, but I have a plan for this week.
- Family
    - I called my mom and I played chess with my dad.
- Friends
    - Great. Kevin with his family, seeing Mathius' game, etc.

### When was the last time I took a break?
This week

### What am I doing this weekend to socialize and understand people? Any meetups, business conferences, or volunteering opportunities?
I'm going to Argentina.

### If I could go anywhere for a road trip, where would I want to go?
Argentina.

### What am I doing this weekend to give myself a big-picture perspective on -----?
Argentina

### How many dates or social encounters will I have with women this coming week?
Fabi.

### Would I marry myself?
Yes. I seem to at least be tracking the important things in my life, and Fabi at least seems interested in me :).

### Given (1) I learn exponentially faster from actively interacting with other people (2) I can actively mold the social life I want through experience (3) as a social creature, vices may occur due to an insufficiency of social interaction; how will I incorporate social calibration into my plans? Whom will I meet? What will I do?
Argentina.

### Given I am a visual creature, what luxury things can I see to enhance the vision of the future that I can construct for myself?
Argentina.

### What am I afraid of doing, knowing that if I'm honest about my fears, then I will become fearless through attacking my fears and becoming a man.
Making the relationship with Fabi workout.

### Don't forget: Growth Mindset. Think about how you can apply the growth mindset for this coming week.
Courage more than anything else. I *can* do this.

### What are some creative (or practical) ways I can **REDUCE** the friction in achieving my goals?
Does not apply.

### What are some creative (or practical) ways I can **INCREASE** the friction in my distractions and shameful events?
Does not apply.

### How much money am I earning? When will I choose to earn more money? Why did I choose to be poor? When will I choose to be rich?
I am earning $128K/yr. I am currently creating the necessity to earn more by seeing Fabi.

### How is my career going? When was the last time I was promoted?
I have been in the same role, and same job, for the past 3 years. 

### Will my parents end up in a nursing home? How will I be able to keep my diverse family together? How will I be able to maintain the generational wisdom of my family?
I don't know, yet.

### Review your "fears" section under "Who am I" section; is there something you're not confronting that you should be?
I am proud to say I am making progress on my fears.

### What does my social circle look like? With whom am I interacting a lot (in order)?
My friends from church; they are the best.

### I am what I attract. What do these people reflect/say about me? What do each of these people have in common?
I attract Fabi. Fabi and I are both intentional people.

### Name 3 friends who (1) I can call in 3 in the morning to drive me to the hospital, no questions asked (2) will help supervise me as I lose conciousness trying drugs or in my most vulterable times (3) Will watch my wife, kids, and money while I'm away (4) will catch me when I go all in on a goal, and might lose myself in the process
1. Kevin Torres
2. Chance Cooper
3. Mike Kite
4. Max Michel

### How am I scheduling time to go out and explore what I could be missing?
Argentina.

### What is my 5-10-15 year plan?
Side note: if people ask you where you see yourself in the future, and you genuinely don't know, just tell them what you've already done, and tell them that past behavior is the best predictor for future behavior.

#### At 28 I will:

#### At 32 I will:

#### At 38 I will:

#### At 45 I will:

#### At 55 I will











