---
title: "2023 12 31"
date: 2023-12-31T09:37:11-05:00
draft: true
---

# Previous Week Reflection 

## On a scale between 1 (mindless consumer zombie) and 10 (da Vinci of technology), how much have I used technology for my benefit, rather than it using me?

9

Here are some amazing ways technology has served me:
- My brothers and I were able to re-connect, spend quality time together, and reminisce together as we played classic xbox games
- I bought an automatic door closer, which takes me out of the loop of closing the door behind me, thus increasing the probability that I will not re-enter my room, without any extra will power (since this is automated)
- I have bought a dedicated chromebook just for monitoring, and a HDMI adapter for the chromebook, which allows me to always have my calendar at a glance, from which I can make quick decisions based on what I have planned. Moreover, on another monitor, I have written down my work obligations, so that I am visually reminded of my tasks, thereby increasing the probability I will finish them in time

Here are where I can improve:
- I still slacked on Bumble, using the holidays as an excuse. But I could have used that time to connect with my family, rather than fool myself with the idea of finding a connection online

## On a scale between 1 (rock-bottom depressed) and 10 (jubilant joy), and 7 not existing, Am I happy doing what I'm doing now?

9

There is some seasonal effect on this score (from the holidays), but here's the breakdown.

Pros:
- I built a fully-functional, PHP/HTML/CSS database-type script. The more I practice this, the better I will get of crafting up a website, which will make it so much easier for me to freely give to people
- I spent some pretty good/okay time with family: dinner, church, xbox, tennis, bars
- I met with two of my friends through fitness: one with a run at flatwoods, another with a gym session
- I played chess with my dad
- I was able to give a gift to my siblings

Cons:
- I found myself doing monotonous things at work today, basic data pulls that felt so manual where I needed to be actively engaged for several hours. I tried web-scraping the data to automate, but I fell short on my skills. I will practice for the next opportunity
- I lost a game of chess to my dad 

## This past week, what have I done to build the life I want?

I spent time with family, knowing I won't regret the time I had with them

## This past week, whose opinions steered my course?

Max. He inspires me to earn more money and be a better person.

Also, somethime this month, but not this week, I was captivated by [MLK's speech on "Your Life's Blue Print"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmtOGXreTOU)

Here are the main points from MLK's speech:
1. Have a deep belief in your own dignity, worth, and your own "somebody"-ness
2. The *basic* **principle** to achieve **excellence** in your various fields of endeavors
    - Don't settle for good; be the best!
    - Be so good, people will clear paths just to see you
3. A commitment to the **eternal principles** of: 
    - beauty
    - love
    - justice

Another person is Leila Hormozi's advice on trusting people. Naturally, as you scale and delegate, you will get to trust more people. The question you must ask yourself are: (1) Has this person done anything in their past that hinders my trust for them? (2) Has this person ever wronged me? (3) If not, what things am I holding from *my own* past that prevents me from trusting people?

Then there is the YouTube Channel ["hoe_math"](https://www.youtube.com/@hoe_math), who said at one point (I am going to paraphrase): "I think we would think twice about our choices if we thought about what would happen 1 or 2 months after we took action".

Additionally, [Bryan Johnson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bryan_Johnson) uploaded a video titled, ["My Ex-Fiancée Sued Me For $9,000,000"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5rokANviwo). It was surprising how a man who lived such a healthy, loving, holy relationship had his former life partner turn completely 180 degrees to an enemy--FOR NO REAL REASON other than to get money from Bryan. It was a harsh wake-up call. She has **ZER0** evidence of Bryan's wrong-doing. Bryan could have become "time efficient" and just paid the woman to "pick his battles"--but HE DIDN'T! Why? Because it was a matter of **PRINCIPLE**! He spent 2 years defending himself, after which he was found innocent. Bryan **knew for a fact** he did nothing wrong, and he stuck to his guns and prevailed in the face of justice.

> "**It would have been so easy** to relent and *quietly* make them go away. **That's what nearly everyone does**. But I am NOT guilty, and they have me no choice but to spend **two years** litigating to defend my innocence. Giving in and paying up would have been an injustice to me and an injustice to society, enabling this twisted practice" (7:45-8:13)

> "[Their] strategy was to inflict maximum pain and suffering on me so that I would pay-up privately. They *miscalculated* my **tenaciousness** and **resolve** and their strategy backfired, inflicting collateral **damage upon themselves**." (9:28-9:46)

This is what I like about Bryan. He is a living example of power versus force. His attackers use force, which ends up hurting themselves. Bryan did not attack; he stood firm on his principles.

> "My accuser has been astonishingly pernicious, nonetheless **I choose**, again, **to support her** as she works through her health and well-being. The settlement funds she owes me will be routed to a trust I established for her medical needs. She is the soul beneficiary and is the only person who can access the trust.**I won't keep a penny** of what she pays as part of the judgement" (9:58-10:30)

WOW. Even after Bryan had to defend himself for 2 years and sacrfacing time and attention to this case, in the end, he is **choosing** to not accept any money from his ex-wife, and instead that money is actually going to **help** the very person who was attacking him. This is a living example of what a loving person is. I am speechless! This is like an avatar move--he was attacked, and now we could *rightfully* receive compensation for the damage she did, yet, he is using that money to help his attacker get better! WHAT!! If it were any other person, people would call this person a "beta male"--but he is NOT a beta male in this case, he is a loving person! That is insane!

> "I know many of you may be thinking that this situation is something that happens to other people and something that won't happen to you. The things [reviled] here is that every minute of every day, each of us invest ourselves into building our **reputations**...our reputation is our **life currency**." (10:30-11:30)

## This past week, how often did I do things I actively enjoyed? How does this compare to the prior week?

Quite often, this was a great week.

## This past week, what am I doing right now because I think I *SHOULD* do it?

Working. I felt so alone, so I worked for a bit, and then at night, I went to go visit my family.

## This past week, how did I give away 10% of my income?

I did not...yet?

## This past week, what reoccurring questions did I have? Why did I have each question? How can I use my curiosity to explore these questions?

None at the moment, but I'll keep a look out next time.


## From Jordan Peterson: Sit on your bed one day, and as yourself, "what remarkably stupid things am I doing on a **regular basis** to absolutely screw up my life?"

Here is what I am routinely doing:
- Lust, Bumble, and masturbating, in lieu of networking, building humor, learning skills, creating my own story of action
- Consumption, so much consumption, and so little action. I can do more at work. I will do more at work. I have not been promoted since working for 3 years; I will do better, because this will translate to other aspects of my life.

Here is what I am sacrificing by doing the above:
- Practice chess, so that one day I can beat papa and fulfill a family legacy
- Build a business, because I choose to be wealthy
- Practice web-dev, ai, and full-stack dev, because I am an engineer and I will be amazing at what I do
- Practice speaking spanish, because I believe I can speak spanish if I really wanted to
- Go to church to club organizations, so that I can figure out how I can use my skills to help people
- Stare at the ceiling, and wait for a novel idea to come
- Go to a real estate meeting, and learn from people are are actually doing
- volunteer at a nursing home, and examine what fate may lie ahead.

There are soo many other things I could be doing instead. **Who do I get to become??**

## What small. cheap, dopamine am I settling for? what's the better alternative that I *could* be developing instead?

- Paying $200/mon on bumble --> paying $200/mon to go to Barry's, explore downtown, and network with people
- Lustfully scrolling on Tinder/Bumble --> I can read so many books
- Scrolling YouTube --> I can earn money from posting YouTube videos
- Spending $350/mon on Chipotle --> Spending $350/mon on my Google LSA business to earn extra money to help my mom
- Masturbate --> TRANSMUTE THROUGH CREATION. Be of service to people. Join a club. Create a website and give it for free to people who could benefit. Or, teach others how to do it.
- Uncultured --> Practice speaking spanish 3x/wk

## Did you know you can teleport? Change your mindset and watch your environment change, what identities are you still clinging to that's time to let go of?

- I used to see myself as paranoid, awkward, strict, ruthless, and otherwise weird, but the reality is that I simply did not monitor my habits to include learning from others. It's that simple

## Looking at my goals form last week, did I achieve ALL of last week's goals? (yes or no)

This is my first week completing these forums. TBD.

## What prevented me from achieving the goals I told myself that I would do?

My own laziness and consumption habits.

## What have been my biggest time wasters from last week? What could I be doing instead, to achieve the same goal, and more?

I have added automation to parts of my week and I have batch cooked my food in parallel versus in sequence; this saves me time.

## What have I done to build the life I want?

I sought to see my family this week. I am working on improving my relationship with Sean.

## 	This past week, what fears did I non-judgementally notice? What's my plan to confront these fears, knowing that it leads to gold?

This past week, I noticed I was fearful/hesitant of...feeling like I'm living in a box and not living life?

I plan to confront my fear by operationalizing my habits/calendar/tasks so that I can be more intentional with the time I have off. I can carve out some free time, and use that to go do something and explore, rather than settling for cheap dopamine because I've passively accepted short spirts of 3min breaks of social media.

I do not permit myself to passively accept things. I will actively work to continually improve myself. I've done this by automating my door closing, and creating more monitors so there's less friction to make decisions, move on, and save time.

## What are the mundane, tedious, time-consuming tasks that are pulling my attention away from what really matters?

More on this later, but I've already reduced my cooking time by batch cooking in parallel.

I suppose the next step is laundry. I currently spend 3.5 hours (not all in one go, which is worse) on washing **JUST** my blankets. I wonder how I can automate the transition of cloths into the wash, and from washer into the dryer. Or, now that I have my calendar and I have some free time from cooking, I can try earning more so that I can hire someone else to do it for me. Things to consider.

## For which of these tasks does the *completion* matter more than the *quality*?

I enjoy going to walmart, and the store is down the street from me anyway, so I will continue with doing groceries for now because I am not sacrificing anything too important...nor do I have an idea of how to replace grocery shopping with a more active life involving other people and social interactions.

## How much would it cost for me to hire-out or automate these tasks? Both in what I lose in quality, what I lose in resources, but also in what I gain in life. Careful: make sure I'm not replacing tasks that are actually therapeutic in nature or increase my perspective on life (e.g. going to a public gym to hedge against social anxiety; church meetings to hear about what other people are going through compared to my meager issues, etc.)

Pass.

## Answer this question: knowing my hourly rate, and the fact that TIME is my greatest resource, how can I buy-back time to earn more in money and time?

I would hire a cook, laundry maid, and cleaner. Those are literally my only other activities going on for me that I could automate.

## Looking at my schedule, am I preparing the future me (30s, 40s, 50s) to be prepared to handle the chaos of managing an intimate relationship, the upbringing of children, and the responsibility to handle the waves of chaos that will challenge my health, family, community, and society?

Yes. This is step 1.



# This Coming Week

## This coming week, what are my obligations for work, at a higher level? What would a successful outcome look like?
- work: see my white board

## This coming week, what would I do if I knew, with certainty, I would **not fail**?
- Complete everything that's on my white board
- Eat all my planned meals
- Go to curch on Sunday
- Watch HSA videos
- Become more proactive in what needs to get done in projects
    - Declare when I have finished a task, and remain open to feedback
    - Push the ball forward and stay ahead of my tasks

## This coming week, what would I do **even if** I knew I would fail?
In other words, since the key to success is failure, I will practice getting used to failing by...
- I want to build another php website, but this time for ecommerce.

## This coming week, what is my plan to give more than I receive?
- If I can spin up another website, then I will be great at web-dev, and I can help others with website design **with reduced friction**

## What book am I reading this coming week?
I am finishing up "Letting Go". I'm about to start "Shipping Greatness".

## At a month-level view, What major events do I see coming up?
I leave to Argentina in 3.5 weeks. How's my spanish going?

## At a week-level view, what meetings do I have coming up?
Between hydro and VA. Maybe monday discipleship.

## Whom am I meeting/speaking with this coming week (outside of work)?
No one.

## Zoom-out: How am I doing in each of the following universes?

- Finances: I will do a better job of tracking my flow of money by systemically tracking retirement funds, investments, and savings goals. Also, read up on investing. What is my expected retirement?
- Faith: I will read the Bible today
- Fitness: 10/10
- Family: I visited everyone this week. This week, I plan to stop by home and visit again.
- Friends: I met up with friends this week! My plan for next week is being open to their invitation. Side note: how can **I** be the one to invite others to things?

## 	When was the last time I took a break?
This entire week.

## What am I doing **this weekend** to socialize and understand people? Any meetups, business conferences, or volunteering opportunities?
I am going to Barry's on Saturday. I just now extended an invitation to Evan. If he accepts great, if not, that's okay because I'm still going.

## 	If I could go anywhere for a road trip, where would I want to go?
Hyde Park or St. Pete

## What am I doing this weekend to give myself a big-picture perspective on -----?
I want to build HSA business.

## How many dates or social encounters will I have with women this coming week?
I stopped making this a metric a while ago. Although I had success "meeting women", it was just a waste of time because most of the time, I did not have the intention  of going further, and, when suggesting a place to go, I had few ideas because I don't go out often  myself. So, instead of dating, I'm going out to meet people doing things I find interesting myself.

## Would I marry myself?

Reasons for
- I'm great at planning
- I'm disciplined
- I'm well ready
- I go to church and Bible study
- I give my mother flowers once a month

Reasons against
- I only earn $128K/yr
- I don't have that entertaining of a life
- My career progress and direction is questionable
- I have a lot of insecurities I get to work on
- I don't know if I'm funny enough
- I have trouble following my own mission, do I'm not ready to lead yet

## Given (1) I learn exponentially faster from actively interacting with other people (2) I can actively mold the social life I want through experience (3) as a social creature, vices may occur due to an insufficiency of social interaction; how will I incorporate social calibration into my plans? Whom will I meet? What will I do?
I monitor meetup for meetings to go to. Not much this week, but in January as a whole, there's a lot of opportunities

## Given I am a visual creature, what luxury things can I see to enhance the vision of the future that I can construct for myself?
Pass

## What am I afraid of doing, knowing that if I'm honest about my fears, then I will become fearless through attacking my fears and becoming a man.
Starting a business and dealing with the unknown stress and unplanned things that may transpire, as well as the ego hit, because in theory, I'm supposed to be smart.

## Don't forget: Growth Mindset. Think about how you can apply the growth mindset for this coming week.
I have a willingness to focus on doing well at work

## What are some creative (or practical) ways I can **REDUCE** the friction in achieving my goals?
Done. Automating the door closing.

## What are some creative (or practical) ways I can **INCREASE** the friction in my distractions and shameful events?

- Always stay clothed.

## How much money am I earning? When will I choose to earn more money? Why did I choose to be poor? When will I choose to be rich?

I am earning $128K/yr from my job. I choose to earn more money right now. I choose to be rich because I value money without loving it.

## How is my career going? When was the last time I was promoted?

I haven't been promoted yet in 3 years.

## Will my parents end up in a nursing home? How will I be able to keep my diverse family together? How will I be able to maintain the generational wisdom of my family?

I will look into getting real estate once I earn more money.

## Review your "fears" section under "Who am I" section; is there something you're not confronting that you should be?

Here are my insecurities, followed by what I will do about it:
1. Physical combat
    - my goal for this week: **IDENTIFY** a jujitsu place
2. Money
    - my goal for this week: Create a system for tracking my money and reviewing it each day
3. Muscles
    - This is good. Continue running and going to the gym
4. Height
    - I love my height.
5. Social relations
    - Relations will improve the more I put myself out there

My fears:
- My greatest fear is not becoming at least the man my dad is; intelligent, enthusastic, family-oriented, financially successful, present, athletic, 10/10 guy
    - I am going to follow this weeks place. If I can do that, I am stepping in the direction of this path :)
- I fear that my dad will not be able to witness my accomplishments while he's still around
    - I am starting today :)
- I fear sharing the same fate as Amobi Christopher
    - That does not apply to me :)

## What does my social circle look like? With whom am I interacting a lot (in order)?

## I am what I attract. What do these people reflect/say about me? What do each of these people have in common?

## Name 3 friends who (1) I can call in 3 in the morning to drive me to the hospital, no questions asked (2) will help supervise me as I lose conciousness trying drugs or in my most vulterable times (3) Will watch my wife, kids, and money while I'm away (4) will catch me when I go all in on a goal, and might lose myself in the process

## How am I scheduling time to go out and explore what I could be missing?
pass
## What is my 5-10-15 year plan?
pass

### At 28 I will:

### At 32 I will:

### At 38 I will:

### At 45 I will:

### At 55 I will











