---
title: "2024 01 14"
date: 2024-01-14T10:06:29-05:00
draft: false
tags: []
ShowToc: true
cover:
    image: placeholder.png
    alt: ""
    caption: ""
ShowCodeCopyButtons: true
---

# Previous Week Reflection 

## Highlight of the week

I beat my dad in a game of chess :)

## How old am I today?

I am 24 years old (turning 25 soon)

## How long has it been since I graduated university?

3 years, 1 month.

## Am I were I wished older me would be by now? 

No, there's still a lot of work I get to catch up on

## On a scale between 1 (mindless consumer zombie) and 10 (da Vinci of technology), how much have I used technology for my benefit, rather than it using me?

8

I binged on chess practice, but I also binged on YT watching.

## What is my total screen time? What is the screen time distribution?

2h38m daily average.

- 1 hr on safari
- 50min on YouTube (includes listening to music)
- 30min on maps
- 25min on messages
- < 5 min everything else

## On a scale between 1 (rock-bottom depressed) and 10 (jubilant joy), and 7 not existing, Am I happy doing what I'm doing now?

8

I'm really glad that I spent Friday night and Saturday morning with my family. It was time well spent. 

Next week, to bring this up to a 9, I'd like to find fulfillment in accomplishing more at work (details coming).

## This past week, what have I done to build the life I want?

I spent time with family, and I won a game of chess against my dad

## This past week, whose opinions steered my course?

My own.

I realized in beating my dad, that **PRACTICE**, above all else, is the greatest influencing factor between where I am *NOW* and where I *INTEND* to be.

> The difference between the master and the novice is that the master has failed more times than the novice is willing to even try.

I have failed a lot of chess games in preparation for my match with my dad, but I would not have been able to defeat my dad if I had not put in the work and got used to the rejection from each "failed" game. Failure is the key to success (in addition to becoming what we habitually think about).

Also, Prof G from YouTube. Specifically, [this interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zz_p3nQ7M40) with Chris Williamson.

Here are the 3 main takeaways that apply to *me*:
1. Push yourself
    - 
    - mentally, in my career and in getting that bag (much harder, I've avoided this but I am willing to change and I intend to hit my goals)
        - realizing just how little of my potential I'm actually using 
    - physically with physical fitness (easy, I already enjoy, and I do regularly)
2. Get to a big city
    - "Better to be good in a big city than great in a small city"
    - Similar to #1, I struggle with this one. I really enjoy Tampa.
    - For reference, here are the population counts for the following cities:
        - Tampa: 390k
        - Boston: 655k
        - Washington DC: 712k
        - Seattle: 734k
        - San Francisco: 815k
        - Philadelphia: 1.6Mil
        - Paris: 2.2Mil
        - Los Angeles: 3.8Mil
        - NYC: 8.5Mil
        
        
3. Create **AS MANY OPPORTUNITIES** to find a mate as possible
    - get used to rejection 
    - Practice the social skill of creating an instant relationship in person with a great opening introduction, handshake, smile, all at an instant
    - You should be around strangers **everyday** (not most days, not just weekends, **EVERY SINGLE DAY**)

And I was influenced by my dad's beingness. The guy has no exercise routine, does not follow a healthy eating plan, yet he's in amazing mental shape and in shape enough to still be involved physically (with trips, swimming, tennis, etc) with his kids. Absolutely amazing.

Finally, I was influenced by the game of chess itself. Aside from the necessity of practice, it made me realize that everything in my life is a result of my own choosing, and it starts with the attitude I choose before any task (am I worthy of winning?).

## This past week, how often did I do things I actively enjoyed? How does this compare to the prior week?

This was a great week where I enjoyed my leisure time.

## This past week, what am I doing right now because I think I *SHOULD* do it?

I was about to go to church, but I have work to do, and I already fulfilled my social interaction goals. So I decided to stay in.

## This past week, how did I give away 10% of my income?

TBD

## This past week, what reoccurring questions did I have? Why did I have each question? How can I use my curiosity to explore these questions?

- Who would I become if, everything I felt stressed, overwhelmed, or anxious, I followed these three steps:
    1. 3 deep belly breaths, with fingers pressed to lips (optionally: eyes closed)
    2. I look at my vision card on my right pocket
    3. I *think* about the higher version of myself; I **ACT** like my higher version of myself
        - I cannot emphasize enough this end-to-end process: *think*-->**ACT**

- How can I get to a state where my actions are self-reinforcing of the person I intend to become? I would who I would become if I did that, but *how* can I align my life so that I am continually in that state of being?

- More of a realization: I can never play the rags to riches story because I had an amazing upbringing, and I continue to be blessed as an adult. I go forth in gratitude because of the people in my life, rather than pride, elitism, or sense of earned underdog ("I did it all myself"). The truth is, my resources are abundant, and I will make full use of them.


## From Jordan Peterson: Sit on your bed one day, and as yourself, "what remarkably stupid things am I doing on a regular basis to absolutely screw up my life?"

Choosing to be an introvert. Why would I choose such a limiting self-belief? Why is that label the best move on the chess board?

## What small. cheap, dopamine am I settling for? what's the better alternative that I *could* be developing instead?

- I am currently settling for a calm, modest, living.
- I am capable of having a large family, big house, and great friends, if I'm willing to let go of my own mental blockers

## Did you know you can teleport? Change your mindset and watch your environment change, what identities are you still clinging to that's time to let go of?

I overcame this by going to hang out with my family when the opportunity presented itself, rather than staying in and not going out. If I had stayed in, I would have missed the opportunity to beat my dad in chess--yet I was unaware that my dad and I would even play. What I'm saying is, I cannot plan ahead for my preparation to meet the opportunity, but I can develop the habits and permit be to make that jump.

## Looking at my goals form last week, did I achieve ALL of last week's goals? (yes or no)

No, because I did not define them. But I will start today.

## What prevented me from achieving the goals I told myself that I would do?
I did not have something to aim for, specifically, for this ONE week (I had a 3-month goal)

## What have been my biggest time wasters from last week? What could I be doing instead, to achieve the same goal, and more?
I tend to avoid work and major tasks because I assume they will require a lot from me. The truth is, it's all in my head; it takes less effort to do work than to avoid it.

## What have I done to build the life I want?

Go out with family.

## 	This past week, what fears did I non-judgementally notice? What's my plan to confront these fears, knowing that it leads to gold?

This past week, I noticed I was fearful/hesitant of...

## What are the mundane, tedious, time-consuming tasks that are pulling my attention away from what really matters?

- Meal prepping. It takes 2 hours of full engagement. But I suppose it's better than not doing it, since I save time and money. If I really want to step it up to the next level, I would hire someone from Craig's list to cook for me with instructions that I use.

## For which of these tasks does the *completion* matter more than the *quality*?

- Cooking. It's simple instructions really. Eggs. Sweet potatoes. Containers. That's it.

## How much would it cost for me to hire-out or automate these tasks? Both in what I lose in quality, what I lose in resources, but also in what I gain in life. Careful: make sure I'm not replacing tasks that are actually therapeutic in nature or increase my perspective on life (e.g. going to a public gym to hedge against social anxiety; church meetings to hear about what other people are going through compared to my meager issues, etc.)

- If I hire a chef from craig's list, then:
    - cheapest option by price
    - most expensive by time (assuming high-turn over, and screening for qualified candidates)
- If I hire a professional
    - idk, still looking

## Answer this question: knowing my hourly rate, and the fact that TIME is my greatest resource, how can I buy-back time to earn more in money and time?

idk

## Looking at my schedule, am I preparing the future me (30s, 40s, 50s) to be prepared to handle the chaos of managing an intimate relationship, the upbringing of children, and the responsibility to handle the waves of chaos that will challenge my health, family, community, and society?

idk




# This Coming Week

## This coming week, what can I do to make this an 8/10? 9/10? 10/10? In other words, what are my SMART goals for this week?

8/10:
DO:
1. Get something working with GPU speed up (huge)
2. build another website; practice shipping
3. HSA video watching, everyday, 30min, on my calendar
4. Make time to attend data science meetup; then, actually attend the meeting!
5. Attend all 3 spanish classes
6. Finish reading my current book

DO NOT:
- do not spend money on chipotle
- do not spend money on bumble

9/10:
Above plus:
DO:
1. Go to Hyde Park Friday Night
2. Publish one video on YouTube
3. Train abs, 3x per week, 10min each time

DO NOT:
- **ZERO** bumble usage -> transmuted on figuring out mutliclass and multi-gpu

10/10:
DO:
1. I earn at least $10 profit from my business
2. I go on a date with an attractive girl
3. I meet someone valuable in a business networking event; I create a new relationship

## This coming week, what are my obligations for work, at a higher level? What would a successful outcome look like?

## This coming week, what would I do if I knew, with certainty, I would **not fail**?

## This coming week, what would I do **even if** I knew I would fail?
In other words, since the key to success is failure, I will practice getting used to failing by...

## This coming week, what is my plan to give more than I receive?

## What book am I reading this coming week?

## At a month-level view, What major events do I see coming up?

## At a week-level view, what meetings do I have coming up?

## Whom am I meeting/speaking with this coming week (outside of work)?

## Zoom-out: How am I doing in each of the following universes?

- Finances
- Faith
- Fitness
- Family
- Friends

## 	When was the last time I took a break?

## What am I doing this weekend to socialize and understand people? Any meetups, business conferences, or volunteering opportunities?

## 	If I could go anywhere for a road trip, where would I want to go?

## What am I doing this weekend to give myself a big-picture perspective on -----?

## How many dates or social encounters will I have with women this coming week?

## Would I marry myself?

## Given (1) I learn exponentially faster from actively interacting with other people (2) I can actively mold the social life I want through experience (3) as a social creature, vices may occur due to an insufficiency of social interaction; how will I incorporate social calibration into my plans? Whom will I meet? What will I do?

## Given I am a visual creature, what luxury things can I see to enhance the vision of the future that I can construct for myself?

## What am I afraid of doing, knowing that if I'm honest about my fears, then I will become fearless through attacking my fears and becoming a man.

## Don't forget: Growth Mindset. Think about how you can apply the growth mindset for this coming week.

## What are some creative (or practical) ways I can **REDUCE** the friction in achieving my goals?

## What are some creative (or practical) ways I can **INCREASE** the friction in my distractions and shameful events?

## How much money am I earning? When will I choose to earn more money? Why did I choose to be poor? When will I choose to be rich?

## How is my career going? When was the last time I was promoted?

## Will my parents end up in a nursing home? How will I be able to keep my diverse family together? How will I be able to maintain the generational wisdom of my family?

## Review your "fears" section under "Who am I" section; is there something you're not confronting that you should be?

## What does my social circle look like? With whom am I interacting a lot (in order)?

## I am what I attract. What do these people reflect/say about me? What do each of these people have in common?

## Name 3 friends who (1) I can call in 3 in the morning to drive me to the hospital, no questions asked (2) will help supervise me as I lose conciousness trying drugs or in my most vulterable times (3) Will watch my wife, kids, and money while I'm away (4) will catch me when I go all in on a goal, and might lose myself in the process

## How am I scheduling time to go out and explore what I could be missing?

## What is my 5-10-15 year plan?

### At 28 I will:

### At 32 I will:

### At 38 I will:

### At 45 I will:

### At 55 I will











