---
title: "2024 7 21"
date: 2024-07-21T18:02:48-04:00
draft: false
tags: []
ShowToc: true
cover:
    image: placeholder.png
    alt: ""
    caption: ""
ShowCodeCopyButtons: true
---

# Previous Week Reflection 

## General

### Highlight of the week
Pass

JK. I think going out running again has brought me so much happiness, and shaving brings a "fresh" feeling that improves my mood. I also have food prepared for the coming week. Also, I'm reflecting on my week after so much procrastination. I also woke up earlier than usual, which is a nice bonus.

The thing is that I sometimes "regress" back and lose these good quality habits.

It's these tiny things that make a huge difference. 

So, what's the cause of my lack of not keeping up with my habits? Honestly, it's being so inefficient with my time at work. If I actually did was I needed to do, and do it right away, and keep in contact with my colleges, I would have less anxiety and more time to get stuff done.

I think it's easy for me to compare myself and see how much I'm lacking, but in reality, it does not cost me much to keep me happy. Literally a solid routine where I feel like I am accomplishing a lot makes me super happy. 

### How old am I today?
I am 25 years old.

### How long has it been since I graduated university?

almost 4 years.

### How long have I been at the same company?
I am approaching 4 years.

### Where was the last time you were promoted?

I have not been promoted since my initial hiring 4 years ago.

### Am I were I wished older me would be by now? 

I am getting better at adjusting my expectations.

I can afford to live alone, but I choose to live with parents to save money because I already plan to get married soon.

The one thing that has been bugging me is my career development and how much time I'm wasting.

### On a scale between 1 (mindless consumer zombie) and 10 (da Vinci of technology), excluding 7, how much have I used technology for my benefit, rather than it using me?

6.

Again, mostly because I feel like it has been a while since I used it actively to get myself back in order like with these reflections.

### What is my total screen time? What is the screen time distribution?
7h23m daily average:

- Safari (19h)
- WhatsApp (17h)*
- Reddit (3h42m)
- Online book reading (2.5h)

*this one is misleading because I will sometimes stay on the phone with Fabi while we sleep.

### On a scale between 1 (rock-bottom depressed) and 10 (jubilant joy), and 7 not existing, Am I happy doing what I'm doing now?

Purely based off of today, I would say an 8.

This week was pretty chill.

### This past week, what have I done to build the life I want?

I lost focus this week. I was mostly working without thinking much on my vision.

### This past week, whose opinions steered my course?

Pass

### This past week, how often did I do things I actively enjoyed? How does this compare to the prior week?

Pass

### This past week, what am I doing right now because I think I *SHOULD* do it?

Helping my friend Kevin with his furniture. On one end, it felt nice to see him again, but on another end, I felt like I could have used those 3 hours for my own work.

### This past week, how did I give away 10% of my income?

Total for **this month**:
- ernest uber
- Argentina contribution plan for a friend
- Fabi marriage books
- air filter for mom's apartment
- Fitz starbucks
- papajohns for devotional group
- dog door gate for family
- contribution for Max's birthday brunch

### This past week, what reoccurring questions did I have? Why did I have each question? How can I use my curiosity to explore these questions?

pass

### From Jordan Peterson: Sit on your bed one day, and as yourself, "what remarkably stupid things am I doing on a regular basis to absolutely screw up my life?"

Staying home. I realize now the importance of separating work from family environment. It's simply unsustainable to work from the family home.

### What small. cheap, dopamine am I settling for? what's the better alternative that I *could* be developing instead?

I am settling for reddit scrolling recently. I have not gained much from consuming it.

I could be asking ChatGPT questions on private equity, or I could be building my tech blog and resume, or I could go to in-person networking opportunities, or I could even read more books.

### Did you know you can teleport? Change your mindset and watch your environment change, what identities are you still clinging to that's time to let go of?

Honestly, where's what would be a huge win for me this coming week:

- wake up at 4:15am
- go for a run
- meditate
- shave
- get dressed/presentable
- leave the house by 7am

It's that simple. 

If I can consistently do this for this coming week, I will have an 8/10 week.

### Looking at my goals form last week, did I achieve ALL of last week's goals? (yes or no)

Pass

### What prevented me from achieving the goals I told myself that I would do?

Pass

### What have been my biggest time wasters from last week? What could I be doing instead, to achieve the same goal, and more?

Pass

### What have I done to build the life I want?

Pass

### This past week, what fears did I non-judgementally notice? What's my plan to confront these fears, knowing that it leads to gold?

This past week, I noticed I was fearful/hesitant of...

leaving my job for a higher paying one. Or getting promoted.

### What are the mundane, tedious, time-consuming tasks that are pulling my attention away from what really matters?

What really matters is...

The small things that take my attention away are...

I already spoke on this.

### For which of these tasks above does the *completion* matter more than the *quality*?

pass

### How much would it cost for me to hire-out or automate these tasks? Both in what I lose in quality, what I lose in resources, but also in what I gain in life. Careful: make sure I'm not replacing tasks that are actually therapeutic in nature or increase my perspective on life (e.g. going to a public gym to hedge against social anxiety; church meetings to hear about what other people are going through compared to my meager issues, etc.)

pass

### Answer this question: knowing my hourly rate, and the fact that TIME is my greatest resource, how can I buy-back time to earn more in money and time?

pass

### Looking at my schedule, am I preparing the future me (30s, 40s, 50s) to be prepared to handle the chaos of managing an intimate relationship, the upbringing of children, and the responsibility to handle the waves of chaos that will challenge my health, family, community, and society?

pass

## Finances

### Is it the end of the Statement month?

Yes

### What is my savings rate for this month?

More than 50%

### If less than 50%, where is most of your money going?

### How much did my Cash Net worth change?
Compared to last week, it grew by 1.7%, for a total of $187,173.24.

This represents about 65% of my net worth.

The difference between using my money effectively, versus ineffectively, is my willingness to schedule question-answering sessions with ChatGPT.

### What are some of the major differences in what I budgeted, versus what I actually spent?
None

### What's the smallest, yet most practical step I can ACTUALLY take that would make a long-term difference in my budget deficit?
I recently started investing in CDs, which has increased my earning potential.




## This Coming Week

### This coming week, what can I do to make this an 8/10? 9/10? 10/10? In other words, what are my SMART goals for this week?

Already explained.

### This coming week, what are my obligations for work, at a higher level? What would a successful outcome look like?

pass

### This coming week, what would I do if I knew, with certainty, I would **not fail**?

### This coming week, what would I do **even if** I knew I would fail?
In other words, since the key to success is failure, I will practice getting used to failing by...

### This coming week, what is my plan to give more than I receive?

### What book am I reading this coming week?

### At a month-level view, What major events do I see coming up?

### At a week-level view, what meetings do I have coming up?

### Whom am I meeting/speaking with this coming week (outside of work)?

### Zoom-out: How am I doing in each of the following universes?

- Finances
- Faith
- Fitness
- Family
- Friends

### When was the last time I took a break?

### What am I doing this weekend to socialize and understand people? Any meetups, business conferences, or volunteering opportunities?

### If I could go anywhere for a road trip, where would I want to go?

### What am I doing this weekend to give myself a big-picture perspective on -----?

### How many dates or social encounters will I have with women this coming week?

### Would I marry myself?

### Given (1) I learn exponentially faster from actively interacting with other people (2) I can actively mold the social life I want through experience (3) as a social creature, vices may occur due to an insufficiency of social interaction; how will I incorporate social calibration into my plans? Whom will I meet? What will I do?

### Given I am a visual creature, what luxury things can I see to enhance the vision of the future that I can construct for myself?

### What am I afraid of doing, knowing that if I'm honest about my fears, then I will become fearless through attacking my fears and becoming a man.

### Don't forget: Growth Mindset. Think about how you can apply the growth mindset for this coming week.

### What are some creative (or practical) ways I can **REDUCE** the friction in achieving my goals?

### What are some creative (or practical) ways I can **INCREASE** the friction in my distractions and shameful events?

### How much money am I earning? When will I choose to earn more money? Why did I choose to be poor? When will I choose to be rich?

### How is my career going? When was the last time I was promoted?

### Will my parents end up in a nursing home? How will I be able to keep my diverse family together? How will I be able to maintain the generational wisdom of my family?

### Review your "fears" section under "Who am I" section; is there something you're not confronting that you should be?

### What does my social circle look like? With whom am I interacting a lot (in order)?

### I am what I attract. What do these people reflect/say about me? What do each of these people have in common?

### Name 3 friends who (1) I can call in 3 in the morning to drive me to the hospital, no questions asked (2) will help supervise me as I lose conciousness trying drugs or in my most vulterable times (3) Will watch my wife, kids, and money while I'm away (4) will catch me when I go all in on a goal, and might lose myself in the process

### How am I scheduling time to go out and explore what I could be missing?

### What is my 5-10-15 year plan?
Side note: if people ask you where you see yourself in the future, and you genuinely don't know, just tell them what you've already done, and tell them that past behavior is the best predictor for future behavior.

#### At 28 I will:

#### At 32 I will:

#### At 38 I will:

#### At 45 I will:

#### At 55 I will











